DB-5856: [docs] Audit uses of back-end and front-end for consistency (#877)
pantheon-systems/decoupled-kit-js: web/docs/Backend Starters/Decoupled Drupal/local-development.md

[Lando installation instructions](https://docs.lando.dev/getting-started/installation.html).

Depending on your role, you may only need a local backend environment, or you
may instead prefer a local environment that can run both the backend and

> frontend. The following sections outline the steps to set up a local environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
front end. The following sections outline the steps to set up a local environment
```
Here it would not be hyphenated since it's not an adjective.
